Dashboard Status Tile Information (#758)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/dbt-cloud/using-dbt-cloud/cloud-dashboard-status-tiles.md

---
title: "Dashboard Status Tiles"
id: "cloud-dashboard-status-tiles"
---

## Overview

> In dbt Cloud, the [Metadata API](https://docs.getdbt.com/docs/dbt-cloud/dbt-cloud-api/metadata/metadata-overview) can power Dashboard Status Tiles.  A Dashboard Status Tile is placed on a dashboard (specifically: anywhere you can embed arbitrary HTML) to give insight into the quality and freshness of the data feeding into that dashboard. This is done via dbt [exposures](https://docs.getdbt.com/docs/building-a-dbt-project/exposures).

Reviewer: you should use a relative link here - this will let docusaurus verify the validity of the link! Think this should work:

dbt-cloud/dbt-cloud-api/metadata/metadata-overview

Can you make that change for all docs-internal link URLs in this diff?

Reviewer: Also - let's change "arbitrary HTML" to "an iframe" :)

In order to set up your dashboard status tile, here is what you need:

1. **Metadata Token.**  You can learn how to set up a metadata only token [here](https://docs.getdbt.com/docs/dbt-cloud/dbt-cloud-api/service-tokens).

2. **Exposure name.** You can learn more about how to set up exposures [here](https://docs.getdbt.com/docs/building-a-dbt-project/exposures).

3. **jobID.** Remember that you can select your jobId directly from the URL when looking at the relevant job in dbt Cloud.

You can insert these three fields into the following iFrame, and then embed it **anywhere that you can embed arbitrary HTML**:

```
<iframe src='https://metadata.cloud.getdbt.com/exposure-tile?name=<exposure_name>&jobId=<job_id>&token=<metadata_only_token>' title='Exposure Status Tile'></iframe>
```

## Embedding with BI tools
The dashboard status tile should work anywhere you can embed HTML. But below are some tactical tips on how to integrate with common BI tools.

### Mode
Mode allows you to directly [edit the HTML](https://mode.com/help/articles/report-layout-and-presentation/#html-editor) of any given report, where you can embed the iFrame.

> Note that Mode has also built their own [integration](https://mode.com/get-dbt/) with dbt's Metadata API!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that Mode has also built their own [integration](https://mode.com/get-dbt/) with the dbt Cloud Metadata API!
```
